you know that gem aldón about
a month or two months ago announced that they were
opening an only fan for those who are not
familiar with an olifan an olifan is
a platform so like the one where you create
a YouTube channel or a
Twitter account but it's a platform that whoever
wants to follow you has to pay a
monthly fee it's a platform that they
have to support you with money the prices are
usually around maybe 4 a month
or maybe a more expensive one 15 a month you
can make it more expensive you can put it at the
price you want and the content Let's
see you can upload the content that you
want, I mean it's exclusive content
for the people who pay you a
monthly fee and you can offer Hey well
songs I draw but that
specific platform lifan is usually used for
erotic content especially pornographic and also
very explicit okay hey because you
like this person and this person I mean I
know that there are pages that are free
and so on But you like this person and
this person Every day well you upload
videos or two or three times a week
video in the shower video doing things and
such  The videos may not be pornographic, I
mean, you can upload whatever you
want, but normally on that
platform, at least sensual is what people
upload, it usually tends to be more appealing in
most cases. Of course, then you
can put different
categories as well, I mean, you can have
a category of 5 that have photos of
a guy and you can put a category of
50 that has photos that are perhaps more explicit,
not the majority, at least the ones I've
seen, the majority tend to lean more
towards the erotic side than
pornographic as such. But well, it depends
on the category.
Well, I would tell you that it's more
pornographic than
erotic. Let's see, what happens is that there are
many famous people who play with that. Oh, well, they're famous, I
don't know what, and they don't even reach the
pornographic level, but
most people on olifan there are
pornographic acts and images. Well, it doesn't matter, so it's at
least sensual. Yes, yes, and
you upload the content you want, do you
manage it yourself? Or do you have to upload something
specific, like on YouTube,
you manage the content you want. It
depends on what you offer, why do people
want to follow you or not? That's clear what happens. What happens?  it's that
in the end it is
the big problem with this platform is
that it is very easy for someone to subscribe
and those photos or videos are leaked okay that's that's where
we enter the debate but
let's see the discussion between the
two of them first and now we comment on all those
things because of course here
Ana María's position is I respect her if my daughter is
happy and feels comfortable and wants to
do it and is happy doing that because she does it
okay but man I would have
preferred eh that my daughter had prepared herself
because she would have had a profession
based on what she has prepared herself and another
type of work Okay and I love Romeira Well she
says that well she thinks
Ana María's opinion is very bad because it seems
that there are different steps and
different levels of work okay there
are jobs that are of one level and other
jobs that are of a different level Okay I'm
going to put you a little bit and
we debate it together yeah yeah but do
n't bring me into your story homo Look,
a mother's feelings are not
faked there is nothing above the
feelings of believe that it is taking you to
a terrain that is not what I have done
I am not questioning you  to you your
feelings as a mother you as a mother to your
daughter and you will love her very much but I think that
what you did is expose as if there
are categories in different
jobs I'm going to say one Thing that
I said is that if my daughter was
happy doing that, she should be happy.
I want to see my daughter happy whatever she
does that's what I said and
if she wanted to do that, she should be happy,
nothing more than I would have liked her to
be a doctor, lawyer or
television presenter. Well yes, what's happening, can't you like that
my hi is a lawyer, that's not
how it was, as I said, it was like that and my partner and
all the public, the spectators have
heard it, life is okay. And I always support my daughter
and I have defended her from your attacks,
what I don't understand is that now you attack
the daughter and the mother and
now you attack
your, well
eh Let's
see, love is in all sauces eh You don't
lose one without being a hypocrite I can
agree with what
the mother is saying without being a hypocrite, everyone
perhaps wants our
children to be, to have great
jobs but she was the mistake in
saying it  publicly and the way he
said it didn't sound weird and that's it The
way Enrique said it, that's why I haven't
found it Well, basically what he
was saying Love, no, he wasn't
sugarcoating it now that he was, didn't you
say it like that, he said it in a slightly
more manly way, I want something else better for my daughter
eh No No man, I want
something of a higher category for my daughter, lady, it's that
other lady Yes, he said it but in an
ugly way, he said it like that, yes, in a manly way
I think my daughter should have another
category as if she were undeserving of that
job, so of course what she's being
criticized for, eh, is that the people who are
dedicated to that Hey, well, that's
also fine, it's not just another job
like any other, one thing I'm
talking about, Gar, more or less, I'm going to say something
controversial before that is that he says that he
says that there is, he says, it's not that you said it
as if there were types of work and
categories of work and the level is that there are, damn, let's
see, it's not the same, I mean
With all due respect, doing You're not
harming anyone, your body if you
like to do it, do it, it's yours, not mine
the body you understand me but yes there is,
damn you're not going to tell me that it's the
same thing if you work on YouTube or if
you work on only fan or if you
work on Twitter as if you're an
entrepreneur who has a career and you just go over
there and collect the cash, that's why I
said no. Although I don't agree
with her, which I'm not going to be a hypocrite, she's
right but at the time she
said it, she wasn't right. Let's see,
in the end, two things are mixed here.
One, uh, the side of classism, that
is, I think they wanted to
throw her a little bit because of the issue of, well, you're
a classist because you have one job, for
another you're not a better person and that's how it is. I mean,
the person who
scrubs stairs is just as worthy as the one who works in
a multinational, as is the prostitute, they're
equally worthy, I mean, as long as
you do your job honestly. Okay,
now, now I believe and it is and it is what
Enrique is saying, we're not going to be
hypocrites, I think that the people we
love would probably prefer to see
them working in an office  that in
a brothel I think not And with this
I am not and with this I am not belittling
prostitutes no no no cl I think that
for a son I think I think that if you have to
choose no that he said it in a
derogatory and classist way when
explaining it So that is where
the problem was maybe he was wrong in
the ways But let's go the bottom line I think
that Very few people want to say
because you Imagine that your daughter comes to you
introducing you to her boyfriend and what he does
girl Well nothing has an olifan man you
from the start already cl Of course the same and explain to her
what a H fan is explain to your mother what
a
Claro is well and here it also works well
prejudice Ana María her education And
such But It's logical Well if you tell you
that you prefer your daughter to be a notary
or to be because you think of lly fan you
think of four idiots
there it is that no well the prejudices the
prejudices of me I'm going to make one
because you have me up to my neck Okay then that's what
Gema will be able to do later  whatever he
wants and his
mother isn't going to tell him
Nothing, let's see what Olifan has.
Also, because that's where I would see the main
problem. It's not just that you
do it, which is already there. Let's see. Well, that's it. Well,
if you want to do it
because they can be artistic photos. I mean, there are a
lot of people who have only fine and they
're photos that you say, wow, that's good.
No, that's good, but they're not
maybe making a
specific movement or they're
focusing, of course. I've seen fans of
erotic photos that are really very
pretty and you can't see anything. It's only
insinuated, of course, they can be erotic. I've
known girls who are erotic, not
pornographic, it's not prostitution either.
Okay, but let's see, there's a problem,
okay, if they are photos that are really very, very
intimate, that is,
pornography or something very explicit, okay,
very erotic. I'm personally going to
tell you with all due respect in the world. In
my case, I prefer that my
partner have it, eh, that she have something exclusive, I
mean, because when you're not only
selling it but also these
internet  they're going to take at least three or
four photos that you upload and they're going to
remain in your digital footprint forever,
man, for the partner you
currently have or the one that comes after, they're
not going to discover anything new when they
're with you, so I don't know, I think there are
things that have to be reserved, no, we're
losing a little too, that,
that respect for the magic, let's not say
the best, so very old, no,
but my colleagues have a photo of my
wife, it's the same to see it as to feel it, Javi, yeah,
no, let's see, I don't know, yeah, no, but in the
end, my colleagues have, maybe a
photo of my partner like that, well, it
's not pretty, it's not pretty, I mean,
I wouldn't feel comfortable making that
type of content, okay. But it's also
true, eh, that nowadays on Instagram we
see content exactly like that of
ol fans but for
free because I see some
people and I say, wow, but do
n't that makes it more beautiful that it's very
widespread, it doesn't make it more beautiful, at
least I like the colors, eh. No, I'm
not telling you that I'm not telling you that it
makes it more beautiful, I'm telling you that
with Oli it seems that there is criticism that they
are charging  but there are people who
are uploading it for free on Instagram No,
I don't think they should charge, no, and it seems like a good
way to make money quickly because,
well, if you're hot and you can
afford it, why not? I mean, for me,
everyone can do what they want.
Well, it's not like you tell me. Because,
in addition, the example that he set
and his colleague would also have every
right to say, let's see if
your wife gives me a discount, no, that you
love me, my jav F, my Javi when I tell him
d Lorena that a
discount oliveira 2018 again around here,
imagine, no, I wouldn't feel comfortable, the
truth is, I wouldn't, I would feel comfortable for that, I
think that many of us wouldn't, but
well, then it's each one of us, there are people who don't
care,
of course, whatever you care about, and then
those photos are out there. Of course,
there are people who I think and neither are you not
going to do it in case your next
partners or such, you. Of course, you live in the
moment, you need money, you do it, period. Of course,
the partners, since they come
after you, well, they will have to understand it, of
course, you will have to tell them and that's it.  this is
like if you fall in love with someone who does it
or rather if you already know him with that
condition of course she for example in the
case of gema has said that her partner doesn't
care that he doesn't want to
open it because he has been told why doesn't he
open it also that he doesn't want to
open it but that he doesn't care that she has it I
think but of course a father is
different because you of course as a father well your
son you want him to be well that is
one thing a very good job that they command
that they don't get four this to tell him
put yourself like this put yourself like that is that in the end
the position is not the same even if he is a
boy it is the same because it is the same god it does not matter it is that it is
not because he is a lawyer that he
is from ol of course the
vision of a couple is not the same as the vision of a father
well I tell you it is very subjective eh
Because just as there are couples that
may not care and that may bother them
Well there will be a father who will say Yes yes yes there are
parents who surely of course it
also depends on the education of the
education that he has the freedom with the
mental that you have too Of course because
if not there is that you see it as my mother  What are you
doing from there you end of course there are
people who will think Well then from there to
the streets to the corners or not I
personally there are mentalities that think that's where it
starts it starts no
no but they write you privately to
ask you for content I mean it's not rare
for people who have a lot of
followers
and a millionaire or someone
who has a lot of peace writes to you and asks you for something
exclusive not you But Javi they have
asked me without having only fans to me we
are already joking Well you know I'm not telling you that I'm not
telling you no I'm not
telling you to joke I'm telling you that I, I,
the strongest thing I have is a photo
on one on Instagram in a bikini one and there are already
people who have taken the
audacity to send me
private messages offering things Well imagine
a person who makes this type of
content well pass it on to us let's study the offers you pass it on to us
we are going to study the offers you pass it on to us we
have to study it we have to study it they
wrote to me with all the education
in the
world I don't know if I wanted to be wanted to be my
sugardad I'll tell you but well of course  You
have to listen to the offer because they
were asking me for feet photos Hey would you
mind telling me what With all
due respect and I was about to
say to him Well look, I'll cut my toenails
and let's get to it, would you mind telling me
please what price you would ask for
asking for some photos of your feet I
ask me With all due respect and with all due politeness I'm
not going to tell you who I'm not
going to tell you about Who my soul you do
everything you do everything you're on a diet all day
and now they're asking you for a photo of what you s
pi something of your hair how sad how sad You
're giving me p and it's he hasn't seen me in
flip-flops What a
shame look at a photo of your feet what
strong propositions he's making you
but listen to me I have several
friends from the Lifan, we know some
more of those we know some fantasies
from the Lifan in the youth and we
live in Andorra off the money he earns and
Win but come on amounts that are
shitty And look how they leak And look how
maybe  there's always some content that
gets leaked But hey, this is like
YouTube, there are people, there are really
people Who are interested in the CEO of
this new thing Because you know this
New Wine with the documentary and all that,
before YouTube there wasn't so much heart and
it's like a new thing and they come from
TV they are more robust like they paid a
subscription but it's something normal and
current that you spend 1 euro a month
3 a month on a subscription to this
membership or whatever like you pay on
Netflix or Amazon prime in any
and they support it and in LoL F of course the type
of public that is the type of public that
looks for that content Well, they don't mind
paying 10 5 Hey, it's that it leaks three
photos Well but the thing is that I want to keep
following that girl so that tomorrow she
uploads another one and so that and to see her in
another way or see how now she is with
another wig whatever okay And it's very
common and apparently there is a lot of business
with feet yes Well there is a
fetishism Yes yes there is this with feet
Yes yes a lot of business with feet open
remember  Remember one that you and I
know yes yes yes it will be But no no but
it was told to me by a friend of Lolly's,
Javi said, prop, put it on because he said it to me
seriously Javi, propose Telo that you line up I
say to myself I am already pes you pes you le p you I
am already L to pose with the photo
imagine every day you have to
find a position but
maybe there is your this There is your Line of
gold on your feet maybe
there here taking me all the demands
of the world and all the roles and now spinning
and there was a photo of the four
Pelillos of the
fat one complicating things
Well I don't know what it is I don't know what
feet look like show your
feet you have to see that you have to see to have an
opinion that you have to see to have an opinion ask
me here to uncover my feet when they
are offering me pasta for my feet
no no show no
show but at least fatso to me that it is not
full callus noes until you
pay Don't show anything Man that
unknown part of course calluses on your feet I don't
think you have Javi You don't walk much
I keep quiet my son a little bit Well family
how did you do Carmen today very well
very well I want to send my
regards to Marina Jo
You and Marina had to be here too greetings
Marina darling little kiss beautiful beautiful yes she's
watching us the other day yes she
was watching us I think so I think so Yes you
think so well a kiss I think so
a kiss Marina beautiful a kiss I don't
know her personally but a little kiss
too let's see if Marina comes back now that
I'm here you have to come back with
us here and also It's that the song
at the beginning the one of the And it's that
everyone remembers us Marina it's true
Marina when
she sang this
tribute no no no no I don't have it now let's see it comes
out it's what appears on the cover
Enrique in the year catap no me with
Enrique I think it is no Ah well okay It
's something mythical we'll leave that one for
Marina